Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again today.
We're going to go ahead and pray, and then go over some of the things the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer.
It's been amazing praying over President Trump and the Valley of Decision concerning where we are as a nation.
As yesterday's prayer time ended, I had more time praying and talking to the Lord about it.
He took the puzzle pieces of everything we have been praying over since October and started putting them together regarding where we are in the Valley of Decision concerning President Trump and the decisions he's making.
He even stated that he is a businessman before he is the president, which I thought was an interesting statement because he is running it like a business.
The decisions he's making are strategic in his mind, like the chess match I saw him playing—how to dominate world markets and the world economy, not for mercy, but to make America great.
Just like he has said over and over again, he's not thinking about other nations.
He has strategic allies.
Who do you become friends with?
Who do you do business with versus who is an enemy of America?
In doing so, people still look at him through the wrong lens.
I come across very strong about some of the things I say.
I truly believe when I told you what I was praying over about 'drinking the Kool-Aid' and the things I've said, because so many people only look at it as MAGA.
I look at Trump as an instrument being used by the Lord.
God doesn't make mistakes.
I was sweeping out my car because I like to keep my stuff clean, and He said to me, 'Do you believe I make mistakes?
' I want to ask you all a question: Do you believe that God makes mistakes in the decisions He makes?
Do you believe you could be a mistake?
Do you believe that everything God does is strategic?
Are there mistakes in your existence or your personality?
Do you think it's just by coincidence that you are who you are, or is God in everything?
Does God have a hand in everything?
Is God really that big that He knows every hair on your head?
He knows your future better than you know your past.
I saw that a lot of prophetic voices in the past have been very selective about how they relay things, like Brother Hagin.
Brother Hagin would only say things that he was allowed to relay; the Holy Spirit would not allow him to share everything he received.
But his personality, from what I experienced when I was in heaven, is very different.
He was a very quiet individual.
Even from that one encounter—and how much can you go by one encounter in heaven—when the Lord allowed me to have a visitation.
I'm not talking to the dead; let the elevator go to the top.
I had a visitation through a portal, allowing me to listen and talk to the living.
They're not dead; they're alive.
'I'm more alive now than I've ever been,' is what she said to me.
I've processed this a lot.
The Lord said, 'With the personality I have created in you over the course of your lifetime, do you think I made a mistake?
' I said, 'No, you are a God who would never make a mistake.
I'm fearfully and wonderfully made in Your image.
' I know that every person here has a special call and has been chosen for such a time as this.
Even if we do things stupidly, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord.
I believe that what the devil meant for bad, God will turn around for good and your favor immediately if you're seeking Him.
You can't derail your life.
No matter how bad you think you can mess it up, God will turn what the devil meant for bad into good if you are just seeking Him daily.
Looking at my personality, I am very bold.
I'm never going to back down from anything He tells me to say.
Even if I'm hesitant, I say, 'Here I go, I'm going to jump.
' I always tell my kids, 'Daddy's going to jump.
' Even if it's not the popular opinion, I'm going to tell you what the Lord tells me.
That's why I will never parrot other prophets.
I don't parrot words.
I hear what He tells me and say it with great boldness.
It may mirror other prophetic words, but my words are not parroted.
I'm not called to be part of an echo; I'm called to be a voice yielded to Him.
I've asked Him many times if He wants me to say these things.
He said that might have been the assignment for others back in the '50s through the '90s, but you are a 'closer.
' Their assignment was for that generation; yours is different for your generation.
You cannot compare your call or your ministry to theirs because they weren't called to say what you're called to say.
Mirroring and comparing like a cookie cutter is to parrot.
I've called you to stand out and be alone.
You will say things that maybe even the elders don't think you should say.
Fear only what I tell you to do.
Do not worry; they are not accountable for your call, you will stand before Me concerning what I've asked you to do.
To be a parrot is dangerous.
Similarities are okay, but the Lord said people may parrot you, but you are to stand alone.
Say what I tell you with accuracy and boldness, with visions that I give you.
You'll see it in the news, and your channel will grow well over a million in the days ahead.
I'll use you for My end-time glory.
It's not always easy to stand alone, but I say what He tells me to say.
I know I can miss it; I'm just human.
If I miss it, I'll be the first to tell you.
I have no pride in it.
You humble yourself and keep moving.
Anybody who says they've never missed it is a liar.
I see people miss it all the time.
I meet people who say, 'I don't ever miss it, Brandon.
' It's called being human.
I would love to meet some of the men in the Bible, like Isaiah and Jeremiah.
They were awesome men of God, but we didn't see them as they were growing up or in their 20s.
We don't have a glimpse of that.
We know their strong points.
We know the CliffNotes, the highlights.
That's what the Bible tells us.
It's like their Facebook highlight reel.
I'm just being real with y'all.
If they had a Facebook highlight reel, that's what we're reading.
This is the best.
Boom.
And everybody's excited.
But they don't see behind the scenes because Facebook doesn't show you that part, right?
We don't know when people are having a bad day.
We don't know their struggles.
We don't know the depth of their relationship with the Lord because we didn't get to see that part.
We got to see the highlight reel.
And you can say that's blasphemous or whatever; it's the truth.
We don't know everybody's flaws and everybody's stuff.
You know why?
Because we only see what the Lord allowed us to see.
And through that passage of scripture, you don't know when they were down.
You don't know what they went through in their marriages or their children or whatever.
But everybody has a story.
Everybody has a, b, c, d, and what you have from the day you were born to the day you die and what's in between the dashes.
And so I separate myself as just a man.
But as I pray and I tell you what I feel the Father has told me to tell you today—as I've prayed and interceded for America and what I see coming—I warned you what the Lord showed us concerning the economy and what I consider Trump's next plan.
What did I tell you would happen if the Supreme Court ruled against him concerning the tariffs?
I said he has a plan B.
He's paddling as fast as he can in the canoe.
Do you have the picture?
Can you show them?
He's paddling as fast as he can because I said he's trying to delay the inevitable.
But in his mind, I said the economy is in trouble and there is no stopping this, right?
Yeah.
Say again.
32 trillion.
I don't know why when I switched back to it, it said 32 million.
That's what it cut out.
Say 32 trillion.
Okay.
So, do you hear what I'm saying?
The 32 trillion.
Please don't do that because I'm on a show and it's by the Holy Spirit.
Now listen, I have to go back on my thoughts.
32 trillion in the hole.
And I saw Jerome Powell saying that basically America's economy is in trouble.
And I said the Lord will anoint Trump to do this, and I saw a three-stranded cord and I saw things happening with Israel and things happening with America's economy.
And so we see this photo right here where I warned you of all these major plans that I saw concerning Canada and Mexico and all this alliance.
Well, I'm going to put everything together and we're going to go over things just a little bit for what I have seen in the last 24 hours.
As I was praying into this weekend, the Lord showed me Iraq.
How many people have I prayed over Iraq?
I saw Iraq and there's military bases.
There's great oil ties.
There's things that are attached to Iraq from the United States government from when we invaded in the early 2000s because of the weapons of mass destruction and all the things.
Remember, I saw the oil contracts.
I saw a lot concerning this.
But if you go back to what the Lord was showing us in this, I saw Iran being taken back to the stone age.
But a lot of what the Lord showed me had to do with the tariffs.
And when the Supreme Court justice came against the tariffs, I saw Trump saying, 'Well, it's time to do plan B.
' And I said, 'That was war.
' Remember that?
That was clear back in February before they struck Iran.
And I said, 'In the days ahead, they will strike Iran to combat what we see.
' Do you have that video ready?
Yeah.
This one?
Yep.
You can play it if you want.
If you can't, I'm going to keep talking.
Okay.
Go ahead.
This will help.
This was back in January.
Hold on.
Go ahead.
Play it.
'Allow the tariffs not to happen because that's the lifeblood of what the plan is concerning the economy of America, to allow the economy to flourish and to go to the next level.
It would help sustain us and keep him paddling from going over the side of the waterfall because the economy was in trouble.
' So, I've been praying over these tariffs because a plan B, if we don't have plan A, is the tariffs.
Plan B is trying to scramble for what we can do to salvage the economy.
How do we—if this falls and we have to pay back trillions of dollars to these countries and nations—what does America do with its economy?
This is a very hard position with what's coming.
And as I saw Greenland, I saw Venezuela, I saw the uprising of these—what Trump had a plan.
Minerals, oil again, praying over Iran, the oil wells in Iran to be striking the oil wells in Iran to the BRICS nations.
It's bigger than just the civilians on the ground doing this.
This is much bigger than civilians.
Why?
Why did the civilians happen?
Who instigated the civilian uprising?
How did that all happen?
How did it get so big?
It's much bigger than what I can say online.
What will happen next?
An escalation of war.
I said if plan B doesn't take place—sorry, I saw plan B, and what was plan B?
I said Iran's oil wells.
How do you back the dollar?
How do you bail yourself out?
War.
I saw war.
I said World War III, Venezuela, Cuba, an escalation of things to stimulate the economy.
What's the next phase?
And I keep praying into this war.
I saw the petrodollar going up, but I saw Iran's oil refineries being attacked.
Remember those?
That was all over the last several months of what I've warned you, and here we are today.
So, what the Lord told us was that we're seeing that President Trump would attack Venezuela first.
And I warned you how many times in videos: pray for Venezuela.
I see Venezuela.
I saw the oil wells and I said, 'He has to stop the agreement because I saw Venezuela and the guy with the slick black hair joining up with Russia.
' And then they actually had the meeting.
I was allowed to go to the meeting in the spirit.
And I said parts of North Korea were there, Cuba was there.
There were certain people that were in this meeting concerning the BRICS in Russia to try to destroy the dollar.
And I said, 'I was allowed to go to this meeting.
' Does anybody remember me telling you I went to the meeting in the spirit when I was praying?
I was allowed to hear things that nobody else knew I was hearing.
I was a fly on the wall.
But the Lord allowed me to do this.
Does anybody remember this?
My son's shaking his head yes because he knows he's my scribe.
But I love you, buddy.
He's like, 'Yeah, I do remember this.
' But I warned you about going to the meeting, and I went and I saw China.
I saw all these major nations there, and Venezuela was the main target because they wanted the oil from Venezuela for them to back this.
And then I saw I said Trump will go and attack there.
And I warned—it's all on video—and I said it happened.
Boom.
They did it in the middle of the night.
He didn't announce when he was going to do it.
When does Trump ever announce his plan to the public and then follow through with it?
I just want you all to be real right now.
When has President Trump ever announced a plan and followed through with it very often?
It's always a threat like a bully in the schoolyard, right?
'You do this by this date or we're doing this.
' And then he said, 'I would be really stupid as a president to tell you I'm going to attack them on Monday.
' He said it right here.
But everybody's like, 'Well, you know, we had a ceasefire agreement.
We had Pakistan come through and deliver him all of a sudden.
' So, President Trump is out there telling you when he's going to do what he's going to do, and you believe it.
I'm just asking you, are you really that naive?
He's not going to tell you whenever he's going to attack a country, telling you that we're going to go in there with guns blazing.
We're going to blow up all the bridges.
He's going to do it when he feels that the troops are safe—when the men and women putting their lives on the line are safe to do it.
When he sees an opening.
Did he tell you when he was going to attack Venezuela?
He told you afterward, when the dude was in handcuffs walking across the ground in New York, going to go to his cell.
We all knew afterward, but none of us knew when it was going to happen other than by the Spirit of God.
I said within the next 48 hours he's going to attack Venezuela, and I told you exactly the date when it was going to happen.
And guess what?
It happened.
That was only by the leading of the Holy Spirit.
I said something major is going to happen within the next 24 hours.
In the next 24 hours, we're going to see a major event take place.
That was on New Year's Eve.
I was interceding with y'all.
And I told you something major is about to happen.
On the third, he did what I said.
I said, "It's so strong right now in the spirit.
It feels like it's about to happen.
" And guess what?
Within that timeframe, the Lord said it, and it happened.
I have it on video, and I'm trying to tell you what I see coming.
All that to say this, the next phase is to eliminate Iran's ability for economic growth.
Why?
Because China will have to buy their oil from somebody else and other nations.
Who is the number king after that when all of a sudden Ukraine, in the middle of the night two nights ago, struck one of Russia's largest oil refineries?
Suddenly I said, "This is concerning Agenda 2030.
" You can play the clip of the British Prime Minister saying, "We will not support this.
We are for...
" and then what he said about that.
Can you play that?
It was on Johnny Bravo.
Johnny Bravo does a lot of work; he studies this and probably spends his whole day doing this, but Braden shows it to me and I said, "He's following along.
" This is what the Lord is telling you, this is where we are.
And it's about saving America's economy.
When the tariffs are getting shot down and they said, "What do we do now?
" I saw a Plan B.
Plan B is war.
And what are we going to do?
We're going to go after Iran's oil and their infrastructure.
And we're going to set them back to the Stone Age.
But it will be under the umbrella of "they have weapons of mass destruction and uranium" and all these other things, right?
Well, they're going to make weapons of war.
Well, we've been hearing that for 30 years plus.
Go ahead, play this.
And this is what I told you they would say.
I saw this man with the King of England.
And I heard and saw Carney, and last night I saw Carney again.
Then I saw a man that looked like the anchor for CNN who is gray-headed and homosexual—Anderson Cooper.
Sorry, Anderson Cooper.
And I said I saw a new leader coming forth out of France that looks like a man that is like Anderson Cooper.
I said I saw Emmanuel Macron's days are numbered; he will be promoted to a different position, and the Lord said last night, "You have not seen the last of him.
" I saw a homosexual leader coming up over France last night that looked like the same spirit that is on Anderson Cooper.
That's what the Lord showed me, the same kind of mannerism.
And when you say spirit, I'm saying his mannerisms, the way he carries himself.
You know how Anderson Cooper on CNN carries himself a certain way and talks like a politician.
And this is what I saw: someone coming in the shadows of Emmanuel Macron over France in the days ahead.
Now, that's pretty raw.
I'm still praying over it.
But I saw a man that looked like that.
Now I want you to hear what he says.
"We're clear there's been a good deal of pressure on me to change my position in relation to joining the war.
And I'm not going to change my position on the war.
So whatever the pressure, whatever the noise, I'm the British Prime Minister and I have to act in our national interests.
" So we have Johnny Bravo's permission to play his video.
He talks about how he backs...
Can you show the little bit of that article?
Is there a way to show that?
We'll just smile at Johnny Bravo and wave at him.
I want you to see this.
He's backing right here.
Go back to what he says about the Muslims.
After calling Muslims "the face of modern Britain," this guy is calling Muslims the modern face of Britain.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
So you can take him off there.
So this is what's so important about this.
When I told you that I saw the rising up of the Mahdi and the Antichrist spirit coming over Europe first.
Right there—can you show them that?
They probably want you to pay for it.
"PM faces backlash after calling Muslims the face of modern Britain.
" I said, "This is the Agenda 2030.
" But as I saw them in Germany and whoever this group was making sacrifices to Satan to conjure up or bring forth the Hitler spirit over Europe, they were trying to sacrifice to a demon god to bring forth this demonic spirit for the Mahdi to come over Europe.
And I said, "This is back at the beginning of the year before the Olympics.
" And then they brought that ball of fire with the pentagram in it over the Olympics.
Does anybody remember all this?
I said, "This is what I'm talking about.
" But then I said, "They will say to Trump, he's made his bed, now let him lie in it.
We want him to lose midterms.
" And this is the man that said it.
They want him to lose midterms to try to see if the Democrats can impeach him.
As I saw a funneling of money from the Biden administration to Ukraine and these others for bank accounts that had $24 billion in them.
Do you remember this?
I saw $24 billion.
And I've said this how many times?
There's corruption in the finances concerning the war money.
Play that man right there, Jamie Dimon, right there.
I want him to hear this.
Johnny Bravo, I would encourage you.
I'm not always saying I agree with everything he says, but he does do hard work on this and I have to give him props.
He works his rear off and God bless him.
Some of the things that he finds are really good.
"It's a very effective controlling mechanism by the government.
All transactions done with digital currencies will be known, which is good for illegal activities.
But it also means that the government has a great deal of control.
For example, they can tax that way.
They can take your money.
They can establish foreign exchange controls.
" Okay, so what he's talking about right there is the Beast system.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
In Europe, they're bringing in the social credit scores and all the stuff, and I told you they'll implement that where you're not able to say certain things and they'll sue X in the days ahead.
I said they're going to come after Elon Musk and put great pressure on him.
This was all the stuff I'm telling you that is lining up with the prophetic words I've told you from the Holy Ghost to warn you about what's coming, which you are not ready for.
There are many people not ready for what's coming.
People say, 'Brandon, you're negative.
' No, I'm telling you, the signs of the times are all around us and you have your head in the sand; you're not seeing what the Holy Spirit is warning.
There's a red light flashing.
Do you see the red light flashing right now, church?
It's time to wake up.
Look around you at the signs of the times.
They're going to bring forth a one-world currency soon.
You're about to see they'll try to implement that dollar, just like that man was talking about, that they'll be able to control.
They're going to be able to watch what you do with bank wires and how you're using crypto.
It's all about control, so it's very important that you know this.
I have such an urgency inside.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, you're intense.
' Yes, I'm very intense because I know where we are in my spirit.
I believe what you'll see in the days ahead is like when President Trump was saying we took all the oil from Venezuela in the last couple of months and took it to Houston to make gasoline; we refined it, and it didn't cost the Americans anything.
It's already paid for.
He said, 'We've already made all that money back; we're getting it from Venezuela through the agreements.
' Then I saw they would corner the market in Venezuela, Mexico, Cuba, and Colombia.
Then they're going to strike cobalt deals with Greenland.
'Hey, we're going to take your whole land.
' We didn't have to fire a single shot.
It was the threat, the bully in the schoolyard saying, 'We're going to take your land,' and all of a sudden, the deals are being struck.
I'm telling you, mineral deals are coming; I saw it.
The same thing about Canada.
It was developing through Panama.
I told you all about Panama; watch what happens to Panama.
Then I saw again the lights coming forth out of Taiwan and I saw China taking Taiwan in retaliation, saying, 'We're taking the chips.
' Not only that, 'If you don't do what we say, we're going to blackmail you with medicine.
We're not going to give you all the medicine that you want unless you do what we tell you.
' It's cornering them.
I saw certain things with medicine, heart medicine, things like that.
The Lord showed me there will be a trade war against medicines in the days ahead.
I saw this coming, and the same with chips, when I said Taiwan falls to China within a couple of days when they first strike and take it over.
But that's what I saw: a stone age coming to Iran.
Then I saw Iraq becoming like Saudi Arabia, but America had great stakes in the oil in Iraq.
I saw gas and oil pumping out of Iraq.
But then the Lord said, 'Pray over, remember this, the Strait next to Turkey.
' For I saw the 'Count Dracula guy,' the guy that's over Turkey, put on a cloak and he had a brooch on his neck.
I said he becomes a tyrant with war in the days ahead concerning the Black Sea—what comes in and what comes out.
He was controlling Europe, and he and Russia were friends.
If you follow this channel, you remember all this.
I've warned about things I've been praying about concerning Turkey.
I was shown by the Spirit of God Turkey rising up and massive war drums beating in the Black Sea.
I saw the man in Turkey—is it the president?
—put on a Count Dracula cape.
He put a massive collar up with a brooch and a white shirt; he looked like one of those old Dracula movies with his hair slicked back.
He looked toward the West at the waterway to get into the Ukraine area and all of southern Europe.
He was eyeing it, and then I heard him having a meeting with Vladimir Putin.
They were discussing how they were done playing the cat-and-mouse game.
I heard unconventional weapons of war being used by Putin—mega stuff.
I saw Turkey being involved to block the waterway to get into the Black Sea.
I saw Russia annihilating Zelensky and doing the thing.
I saw 'WW3' really big across Ukraine and that area, and I saw it go all over Europe.
Turkey took over and made it impossible to go into the Black Sea.
That's why I saw them controlling that to try to help Russia.
I said, 'That's where they're going to control Europe,' and you're going to see an escalation of things.
As I keep praying, the Lord keeps downloading things to me about the economy, America, and the petrodollar.
That's why I ask you all: do you really believe he's going to tell you when he's going to do it, or is that a tactic to get them to come to the table?
They're not expecting it.
It's about crippling the economy to the point where China doesn't buy oil from anyone else.
Everybody has to come to America and our allies.
This will be so strategic.
Then the Lord said, 'Pray over Houston, Tuttle, and Louisiana.
Pray over your main manufacturing plants in America—your grid, electric, water, and infrastructure.
' I saw cities without power for up to three to four weeks—some longer—without any power in America in retaliation to what's happening over there.
I said we have sleeper cells in our nation.
It's putting it all together, telling you it's because the tariffs didn't happen like we wanted, and the Lord said to intercede for this.
It was the valley of decision.
Now it's all about a war of oil, trying to keep America as the top dog.
He's a businessman.
That's why I said pray for his mind and the way he's thinking—the instructions he's getting from people outside of his circle, taking counsel from the ungodly and being pressured.
And the Lord said to pray against those with an Ivy League education.
Does anybody remember that?
Because we came against that one night, and we prayed against the Ivy League education.
I said it's because they have corrupt communication.
Harvard, Princeton, Yale—all these Ivy League students have a reprobate mind because they've been educated by people who believe in stupid theology that is off-base from even what the Bible says.
And that's why I brought out the scripture: 'These are unlearned men.
' They marveled because they had been with Jesus.
They knew they had been with Jesus.
And I said the key to walking in these last days and having the mind of Christ is being with Jesus.
You will have wisdom beyond anyone's, beyond your years, because you have been endowed with the Holy Ghost and fire.
And He has given you wisdom on how to lead in these last days.
You have to spend time with Him because you've been with Jesus.
No matter if you say, 'Well, Brandon, I'm so thankful that you're here,' or whatever—no, you have the same ability to hear God.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
What does it take?
Being with Jesus.
Then when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus—Acts 4:13.
One of my favorites right there.
I should memorize that because it's the whole key.
That's the whole key to your foundation of who you are: being with Jesus, reading your Bible, and praying every day.
And I don't care if you have just a 12th-grade education or whatever.
You could just be some backwoods person and be like, 'I know hardly anything; I didn't hardly pay attention in school; I was drunk half the time,' or whatever.
I don't know.
But you just know who you are now as a new creation created in Christ Jesus.
I'm a new creature.
Behold, all the old has passed away; behold, all things have become new.
Who are you?
I have been with Jesus.
And you'll get things by the Spirit of the Lord that these Ivy League-educated people won't have any clue about because you have been with Him.
And the Lord said today when I was driving to get my mail, He said to me, 'Brandon, I want you to pray over the worship, for great worship songs are coming to the ones that have been with Me.
I'm going to give the worship now.
I'm ready to release the new music that the world has never seen before.
I'm ready to release the worship that will break charts—not for a Dove Award, not for a Grammy, not for whatever.
I'm doing it because I want to bring worship into the church to bring down the glory, to fill the atmosphere full of the glory.
' But the Lord said, 'There's new sounds coming.
' I want you to hear that.
He said it to me, 'Jesus, I'm bringing new sounds that have never been heard before.
I'm bringing worship and songs that have never been sung before.
' This is going to be heavenly worship that's about to influence the earth.
Do you have your antenna up to catch it?
Bring the scripture back.
Now, when they saw the boldness—how do you know when the Spirit of the Lord is coming on you?
Because you're bold.
They saw boldness on them.
What did they see?
You have to look at what was the fruit of the root of being with Jesus.
What was the fruit of the root?
Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, they knew right then: these guys are bold.
They perceived they were unlearned.
They were like, 'These guys aren't that smart,' and that they were ignorant men.
They marveled; they were in shock and awe, and they took knowledge of them and they took knowledge of Him.
They were so smart and had so much Holy Ghost on them that they were taking notes.
They had been with Jesus.
You can be with Jesus, too.
I look for Him when He talks about sports; He tells me who's going to win the championship this year.
We talk about it all the time.
He knows the things that I like to talk about and we're friends.
I love basketball.
He told me who was going to win the championship last night.
He talked about it—I didn't tell anybody—He tells me things like that.
We talk about stuff.
He tells me who's going to win the NBA championship way before.
He already told me a couple of weeks ago.
He'll talk about it and say, 'Hey, this is who's going to be in the finals.
' He goes, 'You know, it's going to be a good game.
' Wow, I'm excited to watch it.
He says, 'Don't tell me anymore; I want to know before.
' That kind of gives me a roundabout, but we just talk about things because I have been with Him; He's my friend and friends talk about things.
Like I said, I look at Him more as a companion, and even if this channel or anything else goes away, I'm just going to sail off, in a sense, and just be friends with Him.
I could care less.
I just look at Him because I want people to say they marvel because Brandon has been with Jesus.
Not because Brandon is anything special, but because Jesus is in me.
I want people to see it; I want them to get it themselves.
He's no respecter of persons.
You may be the best quilt maker out there and He'll teach you a different way to make a better quilt.
You could be the best cowboy.
You say, 'Well, I work with cows; I work with pigs; I work with whatever.
' I know we're not supposed to eat pork, but it's interesting—He'll talk to you about chickens.
He'll talk to you about sheep.
He'll talk about, 'Hey, if you plant this over here a little bit different, that'll grow better because that soil is a little bit...
it's only 10 feet away, but that right there is a good spot.
If you plant that right there, it'll grow better.
' It doesn't matter.
Practice His presence.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it and you'll be blessed.
People get ticked off at me all the time because He tells me investments.
He does.
And people get mad when they see I get blessed.
But if you are with Jesus, He'll tell you things.
So don't get mad at me when I get blessed.
I talk about it all the time to my family.
I said, 'Listen, this is what the Lord said to do.
' And do you know I've tried to obey Him every single step of the way?
Even when people go, 'Well, who are you?
' Do you know I used to stand in front of some of the biggest businessmen in all of a place and they would ask me questions?
Now, do I have everything always down?
But people can see when you've been with Jesus.
I know I can miss it, but I just marvel because He has a topic about everything.
He'll talk about the birds, the flowers, He'll talk...
I love my flowers, ferns, and greenery.
I'll spend hours just being quiet, and I teach my little girl, Paisley; she'll come up beside me and I say, 'Listen, if you're going to be in this zone, this is where we don't talk.
This is where we listen.
' And I teach her to listen.
This is not where we talk.
I spend time in quiet.
You have to be quiet.
God is not going to compete with you.
He's not going to try to overpower you.
He's a gentleman, but if you're always running your mouth, He's not going to talk.
Shh.
Be still when you're outside.
He'll talk to you.
And I always make an atmosphere for Him to speak to me.
And I'll pray in the Spirit.
Just pray softly.
You don't have to be yelling in tongues with everybody in the neighborhood looking at you going, 'What is going on with that dude?
' I just pray softly to myself.
Worship.
Thank You, Jesus.
I try to continually stay in the flow of the river because I told Diana it's always flowing.
He's always talking.
The Holy Spirit is always talking to you and leading you.
There's no end to it if you are sensitive to it.
He'll tell you everything.
All that you say in word and deed, we give all to the glory of God.
I even talked to Pastor Chip.
He said, "You know, Brandon, he'll even tell you about sports.
" I said, "Yes, he does.
He talks about sports, Pastor.
" And he, Pastor Chip, is a coach at heart, Champions for Christ.
He's all into it, and he loves to talk about sports.
He loves baseball.
He loves things like that, you know, football.
He loves the Chicago Bears.
And the Lord will sit down and just listen and talk about things: "How do you become better?
" He wants you to be a champion on every single level of your life—to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
But we have made him into some kind of religious figure that we can't talk to.
And God is an ever-present help in a time of need.
And guess what?
I'm always in need of him.
I don't think I ever don't need him.
Do you?
Do you not need him?
If you don't, you're in trouble.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
I'm always in need of him.
I don't care who you are; I need him in everything.
Tell me, teach me how to drive my car better to get better gas mileage.
Teach me when I'm going down, and he'll say, "You know, you didn't handle that real well.
" He just corrected me even on how I was cranky with Braden just a second ago.
He said, "You owe an apology.
Oh, you owe him an apology.
" I'm sorry, Braden; I shouldn't be so cranky.
It's the truth.
He corrects me all the time, but he's always tugging my heart: "You need to be more kind.
You need to be more patient.
You need to walk in love.
" I'm always wanting to incline my ear to him so that my kids learn to operate the same way.
And you know what?
He has an opinion about everybody I talk to.
There's some people I get off the phone with and he says, "They're in trouble.
They won't make it because they're not doing this and this and this.
" I said, "Well, what do you—it's none of your business.
They didn't ask for your advice.
And if you gave them your advice, it's not them getting it from me; it's getting it from you.
" There's so much correction about it.
But he always has an opinion about everything.
And I love how he talks about Billy Burke.
I know, y'all, every time I talk to the Lord—that's my friend—and I am not a person who brown-noses.
I tell you that; I'm just telling you the flat truth.
He'll say, "That's my friend.
" This is what this is, and the way he instructs about certain people.
If he ever says—and there's times he has—"I don't know them.
I don't know them.
What they're saying is a lie.
They're fake.
They're two-faced.
They're not all in for me.
Be cautious of them.
" And he'll say certain things to me, warning me, "Protect yourself against that individual.
Don't allow him in too close.
" What does he say about you?
Are you thinking you're hiding something from him?
When you're trying to hide stuff from everybody else, maybe they can't see it, but he can.
What do you display in the spirit realm and your fragrance?
What is your fragrance?
Do you stink?
And the only way we're upright and the only way we're able to be right is by always being underneath that blood.
I take communion all the time.
And I know God, I can't do this on my own.
So if he's warning him about me and somebody said, "Well, Brandon, this is what we say about you.
" I'm not here to lie to you.
I know I realize I've got something I'm going through.
But I ask him to search me and know me: "Create in me a clean heart.
Fix it.
" But I want when I get done that just like they marveled.
They marveled because they had been with Jesus.
Do people marvel after you leave because you have been with Jesus?
Or do they say, "Man, she is a Sister Clipboard.
Woo, that girl right there has a Jezebel spirit.
Does she have a Delilah spirit?
Does she have, or does he have some kind of—I have to go and take a bath.
" I feel nothing, and I can walk up to a sweet old lady in the back row and she has presence.
She's just an intercessor in the church, a sweet little black lady.
He told me about a sweet little black lady; she walked to him and he said, "My goodness, lady, you have it.
" You know why?
Because presence knows presence.
Does it make sense what I'm saying?
Is it okay?
Presence knows presence.
And that sweet little black lady on the back row of this building—his meeting he was holding—he walked up to this woman and he grabbed a hold of her hand.
And the moment he grabbed her hand, there was impartation because what she was carrying was what he was carrying.
And iron sharpens iron.
But you can always tell when somebody's been with Jesus.
And this was just a little old lady.
It wasn't the big preacher on the front row.
It was a little old lady.
She had been with Jesus.
And you can marvel at it.
So I don't care if you're sitting on the back row or the front row or in between.
Fragrance and presence follows you.
When you stay with Jesus, there's no pretending.
You can't pray at it.
It is a fragrance and it is a taste.
What does your fruit taste like?
What do you—"Taste and see that the Lord is good"—but what do people taste when they're around you?
Insecurity, pride, jealousy, bitterness, anger, or all the fruits of the Spirit?
What do they taste when they're around you?
What fragrance do you bring when you walk in a room?
You can tell when there's strife in a room.
When you're bickering with your wife and you come in a room, you can tell when an atmosphere is charged with anger.
You can go, "There's something bad been up in here.
Something's going on.
" I can walk into a house that I'm looking at and I can feel critters, and I can feel them push on you and I say, "Uh, there's devils in this house.
" They know when I'm there.
But when I walk in a house and you feel the presence and you go, "There's such a sweet fragrance.
" We had an individual come by and eat dinner with us and they sat on the couch and they fell asleep.
I try very hard to keep strife out.
You let that fragrance and even when I say, "What do you feel when you come to my house?
What do you feel when you go to somebody else's house?
" When they walk in your home, what do you feel?
Do demons push against you?
Have you let critters in your house?
What is so tangible in your home?
I've been into some houses I can't wait to leave.
I'm like, "I have got to get out of here.
" I've been into churches that I feel that.
I said, "I got to get out of here right now.
" It pushes.
But I'm trying to tell you, when you have him, there is a peace that passes all understanding and there's so much love and there's so much joy that will overflow your life, but you will be a carrier of it.
You can feel presence.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Out of the overflow, that's why I try to be around certain people.
I say, "My goodness, I feel his presence around you.
I'll sow into it.
" I'm always curious about when somebody gives me money, especially when somebody wants to bless my family on this channel and I pray.
I never ask for a dime.
Never ask for a dime and never will.
But there's people that feel led to give to us and say, "Hey, I feel led to help you.
" And I say, "Okay.
" But I always take and pray over their stuff.
And I spend a lot of time and my wife will write them a letter or whatever, but I lay my hands on it and I intercede and I ask for God to multiply it because I look at it as special that somebody would work really hard to try to help me.
So I always take it, and my kids—Paisley and my son and everybody—we all lay hands on it, take communion over it, and I pray over the money and I say, "God, bless this.
" But I never know if my ground's good because how do you test your own ground?
But I had a lady write a letter today and she said, "Ever since I started blessing your ministry, I've paid off all this stuff.
I paid off my boat.
" "I paid off my RV that I had.
" She said, "I'm almost completely debt-free or whatever it was.
I paid for all this stuff, and she said, 'I'm only a little bit until I'm debt-free with my house.
'" And she said, "I believe it was because we gave to the ground.
" That blessed me a lot today.
Like I said, I'm always curious about it.
I know when I sow into certain ground, I know good ground.
I test everybody's ground, and if I don't see good fruit in that ground, I don't give there.
I don't always try to be polite about it; I'm just real.
Because the Lord always said to me, "Brandon, don't ever give out of a feeling of necessity into certain ground.
Always give whenever you're led by me.
Money with a mission.
Sow where I tell you to sow because not all ground will produce.
Some ground is full of rocks.
Some ground doesn't produce at all.
But I want you to be strategic in your giving and the soil that I tell you to give into.
" So I pray about it a lot, and I sow into the ground.
There's some ground that I give to and I never get fruit back—not very much.
But then he says, "Give over here," and it's fresh manure, and I'll get back a good harvest.
He'll give me an idea.
He'll tell me, "Go to this thrift store," and usually it's in Edmond.
"I want you to drive there.
" And there's a bunch of Brioni, a bunch of Chanel, and a bunch of this.
A lady just dropped it off.
"I want you to go in there, and you're going to make enough to pay all your bills for the month.
" I pray in the spirit and the Lord says, "Go over there.
" So I sow the seed and I believe for my need.
The Lord says, "I want you to buy that.
There's a lawnmower over here that is a good Honda lawnmower and you can flip it.
Put it on Craigslist.
" So, I buy it for real cheap at the garage sale, put it on Craigslist, and flip it, making a couple hundred bucks.
It's just following his voice.
That's why I'm always pressing and asking him, "Show me.
" Then he started teaching me about crypto and about other things like cars.
"This car over here, you can flip that car.
It just needs a timing belt.
" There have been times he'll say, "The man with the white shirt is going to knock on the door, and that's the man who will buy the car today.
" I see the man with the white shirt.
He's a Spanish man.
He said, "This Hispanic man will knock on the door.
" I paid $800 for the car back then.
My dad put the new timing belt on it and whatever else it needed.
I sold it for $3,500.
This was years ago, and that's how it's always happened.
I listen.
If you have an art of listening and praying, he'll teach you.
But a lot of people are always looking for a handout.
They're always looking for that mailbox mentality of a miracle because of what you've been taught at the charismatic shake and bake.
I'm not into all that.
I sow into strategic ground, and I believe that God will bless my hands.
I'm not looking to people for a handout.
I look to say, "God, show me what I can do.
" You go into a store, they have a 75% off sale, and you buy the rack of clothes.
He goes, "Now flip that.
Wait until spring of next year.
" Sure enough, what was on sale in 2023 becomes full price in 2024.
And they don't know the difference.
I'm not trying to deceive them, but they wanted the shirt.
Do you know what I'm saying?
You have to use wisdom in these last days.
I'm telling you, God will take the foolish things of the world to confound the wise if you just listen to him.
So there you go.
You want to pray with me for a little bit?
We can pray, and we'll pray over the nation.
We'll pray over President Trump and the decisions of what he's really doing—not what he's telling you on TV.
Don't be naive.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
You must come up higher in your spiritual walk with him.
Stop being so naturally minded; you must think higher.
He'll tell you the secret things if you just spend time with him.
What you're hearing on the news right now is not what's really happening.
If you're following the news, you're already too late.
Braden always giggles because he knows what Daddy's thinking.
I'm raising him so that whenever he gets married, his wife is going to have a good man.
I kid you not.
He knows how to pray in the spirit and how to do things.
He is a very educated kid, especially biblically and prophetically.
He is well-rounded; I have poured myself into him.
I always say, "I will shelter you from any kind of harlot.
" We're not going to let any Delilah come up in here.
You better listen to me.
You're going to have Jesus all over you before you come around, my boy.
It's only Jesus up in here.
We don't have time for harlots.
Father, we just thank you for the blood.
We thank you, Father, for your goodness and your mercy tonight.
We take the body, Father.
We're so grateful for all that you've done for us—that you'll teach us the secret things that nobody else looks at because we have been with you.
You'll teach us how to cure things through herbs.
So many times, he'll tell me about herbs, roots, and berries.
He said, "Brandon, I gave the herbs for the service of man.
" He talks about it in Genesis.
He said, "So many people don't realize what's out there.
" I'll pray in the spirit, and he'll tell me exactly how to fix certain things.
It's interesting, even when it comes to my little girl's new dog.
Do you want to show them the dog after we pray?
Yeah, go get the dog.
I'll let them see it.
Father, I take this body.
We take it and we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Father, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
We receive your healing, and it's already been done.
You took it all for us, and we're so grateful that we are healed, whole, and well by your stripes.
In Jesus' name, amen and amen.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
You make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Come here, honey; this is my new baby.
Father, we take communion.
Father, we take the blood right now; we apply the blood even over Stella.
We bless her.
Is the internet out again?
I don't know.
Stay here and pray with me.
Father, we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Father, that it never loses its power.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this house right now and everything that you have for us tonight.
I don't think Starlink is hooked up outside, son.
Did it just drop us?
Is it gone?